Support mixin for config normalization (#2)
logstash-plugins/logstash-mixin-normalize_config_support: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0

>   - Added the `config_with_deprecated_target!` utility. [#2](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-mixin-config_deprecation_support/pulls/2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added the `normalize_config` utility, supporting `with_deprecated_mapping` and `with_deprecated_alias` helpers for extracting the effective value for a config option possibly using deprecated counterparts. [#2](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-mixin-config_deprecation_support/pulls/2)
```
